Microsoft Entra ID name update (#560)
Azure/avdaccelerator: carml/1.3.0/Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/readme.md

| Parameter Name | Type | Default Value | Allowed Values | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `allowBlobPublicAccess` | bool | `False` |  | Indicates whether public access is enabled for all blobs or containers in the storage account. For security reasons, it is recommended to set it to false. |

> | `allowCrossTenantReplication` | bool | `True` |  | Allow or disallow cross EntraID tenant object replication. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowCrossTenantReplication` | bool | `True` |  | Allow or disallow cross Microsoft Entra tenant object replication. |
```

> | `allowedCopyScope` | string | `''` | `['', EntraID, PrivateLink]` | Restrict copy to and from Storage Accounts within an EntraID tenant or with Private Links to the same VNet. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowedCopyScope` | string | `''` | `['', EntraID, PrivateLink]` | Restrict copy to and from Azure Storage accounts within a Microsoft Entra tenant or with Private Links to the same virtual network. |
```
